Added SECURITY.md file for reporting vulnerabilities (#3544)
date-fns/date-fns: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

Security updates are applied only to the latest release.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

If you have discovered a security vulnerability in this project, please report it privately. **Do not disclose it as a public issue.** 
This gives us time to work with you to fix the issue before public exposure, reducing the chance that the exploit will be used before a patch is released.

> Please disclose it to [Sasha Koss](mailto:kossnocorp@gmail.com) or [Lesha Koss](mailto:regiusprod@gmail.com).
> This project is maintained by a team of volunteers on a reasonable-effort basis. As such, please give us at least 90 days to work on a fix before public exposure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please disclose it to [Sasha Koss](mailto:koss@nocorp.me). This project is maintained by a team of volunteers
on a reasonable-effort basis. As such, please give us at least 90 days to work on a fix before public exposure.
```
